# English_lesson_notebook
English notebook for myself
## Q&A  
1. Procrastination means that you should have the work done earlier, but you believe that you can definitely finish that work ahead of time. But it eventually turns out that you can't. And you start to do something more interesting like playing computer games or watching TV, which makes you forget your mission until the deadline is approaching. This situation often happens, especially nowadays we study at home, sometimes you just can't control yourself even though there are a lot of work to do, I have been there before.  
2. In my opinion, the reason why people put off tasks until last minute is that they don't actually see the importance of the tasks, even though teachers have emphasized it many times. And our inborn laziness. Therefore we will invest our time in more comfortable tasks like playing games and watching TV, which will makes us happy. What's more, some people is always over-confident, and they think they can 
finish the tasks way before the deadline, but finally turns out that they don't have the ability to complete the work so effectively than they supposed, which leads to the putting off.   
3. Yes, of course. I'm not the kind of person who has much confidence, so I have to prepare things well to make sure that the things I am working on done perfectly. So I will prepare for it until I feel I can do it well. But if I am familiar with the task, I won't spend so much time on it, I will just check if I can finish it more effectively and leave more time for me to invest in the tough tasks. Time never coms back and we have to spend it on the right place. For us teenagers, it's our job to learn new things, which needs a lot of time to invest. And preparing is a kind of learning. So I will spend enough time on preparing the things I am not familiar with.   
4. To be honest, I am very ambitious. I want to do well in all the subjects and have a good grade in the final exam. To be specific, I do hope I can learn the *Fluid Mechanics* well, which is not just about the score but its basic principles. For *Mechanics of Material* I want to have a good grade and learn the method of researching problems. Also, I hope I can read English textbook more fluently, to reach this goal I am going to read more English books and try to think in English more often. That's all of my primary goals.   
5. I won't bother me so much, because I have my smart phone when I am waiting for bus or toilet, I can play with my phone or check massages. So it wouldn't bother me, when I with my cellphone. By the way, it would make me excited, when I am waiting for the downloading of a big video game. In many cases, I can play with my cellphone, such as a boring meeting which I have to attend and I can't use my cellphone, it does bother me a lot. I have found some method to solve this problem, when I get bored, I will think of some interesting things in the past or some plans for the future. I will try not to be disturbed by the boring, meaningless situation.   
6. If I have a few hours spare time, I will use it to learn more new things. There are many things I can do. Since nowadays the skill of computer programming is getting more and more significant in our daily life, I will use the free time to learn about it. Second, I will read some books, recently I am interested in economics so I will read some books about economics. Third, if the free is less than an hour I will trying to watch some interesting videos which can delight me. Also, it's good for me to prepare the lessons that I am going to learn so that I can get a better understanding on the class. Taking a rest will always be my last choice. 
7. As for me, the range from 8 am to 11 am is my most productive time. As far as I am concerned, there may be two reasons. First, during this time, compared with the time from 6 to 8, I have eaten breakfast and I am totally clearheaded, so I am ready for studying. Second, I am the kind of person who loves sunshine which can delight me, so I can have a better mood to focus on my work.  
8. If I have this super power, I would use it when I am in elementary school. Because my grade in elementary school is just unacceptable, and I have a childhood that I don't want to recall. During my childhood, I always went to the local **internet bar** and play computer games in the summer holiday. And a girl I like have a good great and she was admitted to the key middle school and I was in the regular one. So if I can restart the time, I would like to study harder during my primary school and trying to gain a great grade. I think maybe I cam have a better chance to be admitted to a better collage. But who knows?   
9. Actually, it's uneasy to finish the tasks I scheduled, because you can't foresee how hard the tasks are and the situation is changing all the time. So usually, I wouldn't strictly follow my schedule to finish my tasks, and I would leave some free time for the tasks I didn't finish. Sometimes I have many work to finish in my schedule, but I just finish one of them before I go to bed. Some problem is harder than I thought, so I have to spend more time on it. I think it's helpful to spend more time on the tasks I am not familiar with, but it will bother me a lot, because I have to stay up to finish all of the tasks. 
10. Yes, there was a time in evening when I was about to sleep and I started to check what I didn't finish, and I was really exhausted and misread the deadline of my homework which I thought I have to hand in tomorrow. So I stayed up and finished the homework, but the other day, it turned out that I didn't have to hand it in. I wouldn't regret that, because the work have to done in the end. After that, I love finish work ahead of time, because it can make me feel at ease and have a lot of time to do something else.

