# English_lesson_notebook
English notebook for myself
## Q&A  
1. Procrastination means that you should have the work done earlier, but you believe that you can defnitely finish that work ahead of time.But it eventually turns out that you can't. And you start to do something more interesting like playing computer games or watching TV, which makes you forget your mission until the deadline is approaching. This situation often happens, espeacially nowadays we study at home, sometimes you just can't control youself even though there are a lot of work to do, I have been there before.  
2. In my opinion, the reason why people put off tasks until last minute is that they don't actually see the importance of the tasks, even though teachers have emphasized it many times. And our inborn laziness. Therefore we will invest our time in more comfortable tasks like playing games and watching TV, which will makes us happy. What's more, some people is always over-confident, and they think they can 
finish the tasks way before the deadline, but finally turns out that they don't have the ability to complete the work so effectively than they supposed, which leads to the putting off.   
3. Yes, of course. I'm not the kind of person who has much confidence, so I have to prepare things well to make sure that the things I am 
working on done prefectly. So I will prepare for it until I feel I can do it well. But if I am familiar with the task, I won't spend so much time on it, I will just check if I can finish it more effectively and leave more time for me to invest in the tough tasks. Time never coms back and we have to spend it on the right place. For us teenagers, it's our job to learn new things, which needs a lot of time to invest. And preparing is a kind of learning. So I will spend enough time on preparing the things I am not familiar with.   
4. To be honest, I am very ambitious. I want to do well in all the sujects and have a good grade in the final exam. To be specific, I do hope I can learn the *Fluid Mechanics* well, which is not just about the score but its basic principles. For *Mechanics of Material* I want to have a good grade and learn the method of researching problems. Also, I hope I can read English textbook more fluently, to reach this goal I am going to read more English books and try to think in English more oftenly. That's all of my primary goal.   
5. I won't bother me so much, because I have my smart phone when I am waiting for bus or toilet, I can play with my phone or check massages. So it wouldn't bother me, when I with my cellphone. By the way, it would make me excited, when I am waiting for the downloading of a big video game. In many cases, I can play with my cellphone, such as a boring meeting which I have to attend and I can't use my cellphone, it does bother me a lot. I have found some method to solve this problem, when I get bored, I will think of some interesting things in the past or some plans for the future. I will try not to be disturbed by the boring, meaningless situation. 
